setserial: add page (#9291)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/setserial.md

# setserial

> > Read and modify serial ports information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Read and modify serial port information.
```

> > Read or modify a LInux serial port information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Read and modify serial ports information.
```

> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/setserial>.

Reviewer 2: We prefer manned
```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/setserial>.
```

Author: Done.

> - Print all information of a serial device:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Print all information about a specific serial device:
```

> `setserial -a {{/dev/cua0}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`setserial -a {{/dev/cuaN}}`
```

> - Print all information of the supplied serial device (usually of the form /dev/cua[0-3]):

Reviewer 2: We can applied the format to the example itself
```suggestion
- Print all information of a serial device:
```

> `setserial -a {{device}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`setserial -a {{/dev/cua0}}`
```

> - Print a summary of confguration of the serial device (useful for printing during bootup process):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print a summary of configuration of a specific serial device (useful for printing during bootup process):
```

`setserial -b {{device}}`

> - Set configuration parameters to a device by passing commandline arguments. Superuser privilege is required in most cases:

Reviewer 2: All the tldr examples are for the command-line
```suggestion
- Set a specific configuration parameter to a device:
```

`sudo setserial {{device}} {{parameter}}`

> - Read configuration of a list of devices by using the `-g` option:

Reviewer 2: The `-g` is specified in the example
```suggestion
- Print configuration of a list of devices:
```

> `setserial -g {{device1}} {{device2}} ...`

Reviewer 2: We use this format
```suggestion
`setserial -g {{device1 device2 ...}}`
```

Author: Done.
